Tax crime charges against the former President's namesake company and its chief financial officer have been unsealed
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/p73AmsXdcJU/index.html

Prosecutors charge Trump Organization with a 15-year tax scheme
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/gWqtakqgJkE/index.html

CNN reporter: Here's what to expect in Trump Org charges
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/U8OzsI6uQjI/wsj-trump-organization-weisselberg-reported-charges-scannell-nr-vpx.cnn

Analysis: Indictments of Trump's firm and top executive test his charmed life
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/a8M31F96KOI/index.html

Opinion: Why a gag order against Trump would be a good idea
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/lon5xBU8b-g/index.html

Former daughter-in-law of Trump exec on potential of him flipping
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/tnCZcB3ZYHg/jennifer-weisselberg-trump-organization-investigation-ebof-intv-sot-vpx.cnn

Search pauses amid concern about the structure that's still standing
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/9edsiXxK-t0/index.html

Supreme Court gives GOP-led states green light to impose restrictive new voting laws
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/RfpgeJKdYQ8/index.html

William and Harry reunite at Diana statue unveiling 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/-kuRb8ZUu4Y/index.html

Woman who authorities say falsely accused Black teen of stealing cell phone in NYC hotel charged with a felony hate crime
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/UJADebyadXE/index.html

SE Cupp: Democrats letting the perfect get in the way of the good
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/sTcOZidI2Ao/se-cupp-democrats-infrastructure-deal-unfiltered-vpx.cnn

President Biden wins global support for massive tax overhaul 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/AvVSzcqs8vI/index.html

Watch blast rip through police truck
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/lWB1NMtupzM/south-la-explosion-bomb-squad-truck-lon-orig-na.cnn

Hillbilly Elegy author enters large, pro-Trump GOP field for Ohio Senate seat
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/cO6GkQWK5E4/index.html

Historians ranked all the presidents. See where they have Trump
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/xGk-gulZFAA/donald-trump-presidential-c-span-poll-naftali-newday-vpx.cnn

Howard University shares stance on Phylicia Rashad's Bill Cosby support 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/MJOjr0giuX8/index.html

Analysis: Cruelty has long been a central part of US politics and who's defined as American and who isn't
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/SgET9AlLswA/index.html

Pelosi says Liz Cheney will serve on committee that will probe Jan. 6 insurrection
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/AEVwFqxAiFY/index.html

McCarthy threatens to strip GOP members of committee assignments if they accept an offer from Pelosi to serve on 1/6 commission
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/hx95n5X0h-A/index.html

Mama bear takes a swim in backyard pool with her cubs
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/dnBPz6YoBaA/bears-beat-heat-wave-in-pool-orig-bdk.cnn

Undercover Exxon video reveals an anti-climate campaign
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/EYuVXFb4ggM/index.html

California high school stripped of basketball title after tortillas were thrown at opposing Latino players
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/UeO7k3G-5yM/index.html

An 82-year-old woman trained to be an astronaut sixty years ago. Now she's going to space with Bezos
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/aT11PKmOxYU/index.html

Dancing robot dog teams up with popular K-pop band BTS
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/qkmuoKze3HA/bts-dancing-boston-dynamics-robot-dogs-spot-moos-pkg-vpx.cnn

Opinion: Rick Steves says it's time to legalize pot
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/Z11jYKBQYvI/index.html

See James Gandolfini's son as Tony Soprano
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/h4YxHxshzUY/the-sopranos-movie-james-gandolfini-mh-orig.cnn

It never occurred to them to be nervous about being Jewish. Then they went to college
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/aAb29Dea_OU/index.html

Clorox stock is getting wiped out as more people get vaccinated
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/JLIP8ccn5Yo/index.html

WHO official: Delta variant on track to become the dominant strain worldwide  
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/Vo9wDeD_ESU/delta-variant-outbreak-coronavirus-covid-19-icu-brunhuber-pkg-intl-hnk-vpx.cnn

US manufacturers haven't seen prices jump like this since 1979
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/K9z3cH9SOGk/index.html

It's time to rethink 'one-size-fits-all' approach to mask guidance, expert says
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/B4NpSAIQaO4/index.html

Covid-19 pandemic increased number of people at risk of human trafficking, State Department report says
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/bcYYGNMoM1Q/index.html

Car sales rise, even as chip shortage limits supply 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/FXs9ifewH90/index.html

Veterans mobilize to serve -- and vaccinate -- fellow Americans to fight Covid-19
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/alRyNbm_b1Y/index.html

As the Pacific Northwest heats up, restaurants are grappling with a new wave of challenges
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/EkZBohPiDtE/index.html

An American tradition will be missing in cities across the West this 4th of July 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/Mzj57YXznsI/index.html

What's safe to do over the Fourth of July weekend?
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/fjVv2jr_-5o/index.html

10 moments that shaped China's Communist Party
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/OsUd--Wc8vs/

See the act that stunned 'America's Got Talent' judge Heidi Klum
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/lJfwT4NQhMc/heidi-klum-golden-buzzer-americas-got-talent-ah-eg-orig.cnn

12-year-old becomes youngest grandmaster in chess history
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/2qfi4xOhym8/index.html

Rebel shareholders are taking on big companies. And they're winning
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/hLtsghisiVI/index.html

Robinhood files to go public
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/yg1j16-S86g/index.html

Krispy Kreme is off to a seriously rough start as it goes public again
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/-2l73SIETAc/index.html

Hertz emerges from bankruptcy 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/h71i_RYv1d8/index.html

We tested out 6 charcoal grills and there were 2 clear winners
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/YA3O-UVmMiY/index.html

We tried all the new features coming to the Mac this fall: Here's what we thought
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/Pbx65VHh9YU/index.html

It's 2021, you should own a printer: This is our favorite
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/M-9NZSocT8A/index.html

Your iPhone is getting big new features this fall — and we got to try them﻿
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/5f5-e9iLfMk/index.html

Wayfair's 4th of July sale is the perfect excuse to redecorate
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/1xZNijdFKDc/index.html

20 products under $20 to organize your home office
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/5FzCyRoWLcY/index.html

22 things you should bring on every road trip, according to experts
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/RlJ7X9LLlBM/index.html

Are inflatable hot tubs worth it? Yes. Here are 5 you should check out
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/CG50WVVE7XM/index.html

22 of the hottest items to buy at REI this summer
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/5r3bpQo_nnE/index.html

Adidas, Dyson, The Home Depot and more: The best sales to shop today
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/-kxxm14nzVE/index.html

4th of July sales have arrived early: Here are the best deals to shop
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/s4tNUbRql48/index.html

American Express adds new benefits to its Platinum card, increases annual fee
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/X19rpzgwMAQ/index.html

Turns out Trump wasn't the worst president in US history
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/ol8bM41odc4/index.html

The two Donald Rumsfelds
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/I80nTI2CMQY/index.html

The lovely couple we are searching for 
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/KjBK_5ZlNII/index.html

Bill Cosby's release sends clear message
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/MFSx-akl7a4/index.html

How to think about China's ruling party at 100
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/lWh-CDlDnJ8/index.html

House's revealing vote on Confederate statues
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/b-e1HVIWiw8/index.html

The Hubble Telescope has stopped working
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/z6DppwO0Qgw/index.html

The biggest loser in the NYC mayoral race is...
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/JOZkRBudJ1I/index.html

An architect of Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement talks about leaving his city behind
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/jKqvB3aiZoI/axe-files

The team that took on a senator
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/ncjXxr7dDas/don-lemon-silence-is-not-an-option

2 minutes could save over $40K on your refi
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/l5ARvjB0nHE/

Spring into a big sign up bonus (get $200 fast)
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/7d9_M_peaC0/best-cash-back-quicksilver

One little-known tech stock to invest in now
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/xWFY_NzxlP8/advert-35-amazons

